REFACTOR: Extension documentation (#4873)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/User_guide/pyaedt_extensions_doc/project/configure_edb.rst

User can pass as an argument a configuration file (a json formatted file or a toml file) or a folder containing more

> than N configuration files. In such case the script will create N new aedb projects, each one with corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than N configuration files. In such case the script creates N new aedb projects, each one with corresponding
```
